README.md, before:

# ReBorn
Welcome to the Husky ADAPT Reborn project page!


![huskyadapt](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/32558447/33237175-360148da-d221-11e7-926b-5a83a1c08ed2.jpg)


# About
We are team ReBorn! Our focus is on enhancing the cooking experience. We aim to create a design that turns a two-handed activity in the kitchen into a one-handed task. 
![teamphoto](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/32558447/33237153-30846460-d220-11e7-9968-3aeba5646317.jpg)

## Progress
Week 1 <br>
Teams were formed, and topics were distributed among the 8 teams.

Week 2 <br>
For the next several months we will be working closely with Carolee to design a product catered toward kitchen accessibility. <br>
Background on Carolee: <br>
Carolee is a retired school teacher and former avid cook who was diagnosed with Inclusion-Body Myositis (IBM), a form of muscular dystrophy 12 years ago. Her right arm is functional with limited strength, however we aim to harness this mobility and strength when creating a kitchen product with her! 

Week 3 <br>
In preparation for our first meeting with Carolee, we created a set of questions to ask both her and her husband Tom. These questions will focus on their experiences in the kitchen, and allow us to understand their daily routine and some pain points during the process

Week 4 <br>
Our first meeting with Carolee was incredibly insightful, and helped us narrow the scope of our project. We learned that she does not cook now, but still participates by reading recipes to Tom and guiding him through the process. Our next step will be to analyze all the information we obtained. Below are photos of her kitchen, as well as how she grips a spoon with her right hand. 
(Put those pictures here)

Week 5 <br>
Our goal this week was to create point of view statements that will help guide us as we continue to ideate. We asked ourselves: <br>
*How might we increase the scope of activities Carolee can do in the kitchen? <br>
How might we make cooking a daily hobby for Carolee? <br>
How might we make cooking a zero-handed process?* <br>

Week 6 <br>
Our current needs statement is: *Carolee needs a hands-free way to prepare food because she is passionate about cooking and would like to use her current strengths and Tom's help to do that* <br>
We also continued to brainstorm ideas. This week we went all out with sticky notes
![img_8337](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/32558447/33237199-b5695dba-d221-11e7-8bb2-c9068b2e9891.jpg)


## Meet the Designers
**Kristin Anderson** is a third year Mechanical Engineering student <br>
**Justin Ho** is a junior in the Mechanical Engineering department at the UW <br>
**Victoria Peskin** is studying Industrial Design <br>
**Aditya Sharma** studies Electrical Engineering <br>

Commit message:

Weekly Update
Added updates from past weeks

README.md, after:

# ReBorn
Welcome to the Husky ADAPT Reborn project page!


![huskyadapt](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/32558447/33237175-360148da-d221-11e7-926b-5a83a1c08ed2.jpg)


# About
We are team ReBorn! Our focus is on enhancing the cooking experience. We aim to create a design that turns a two-handed activity in the kitchen into a one-handed task. 
![teamphoto](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/32558447/33237153-30846460-d220-11e7-9968-3aeba5646317.jpg)

## Progress
Week 1 <br>
Teams were formed, and topics were distributed among the 8 teams.

Week 2 <br>
For the next several months we will be working closely with Carolee to design a product catered toward kitchen accessibility. <br>
Background on Carolee: <br>
Carolee is a retired school teacher and former avid cook who was diagnosed with Inclusion-Body Myositis (IBM), a form of muscular dystrophy 12 years ago. Her right arm is functional with limited strength, however we aim to harness this mobility and strength when creating a kitchen product with her! 

Week 3 <br>
In preparation for our first meeting with Carolee, we created a set of questions to ask both her and her husband Tom. These questions will focus on their experiences in the kitchen, and allow us to understand their daily routine and some pain points during the process

Week 4 <br>
Our first meeting with Carolee was incredibly insightful, and helped us narrow the scope of our project. We learned that she does not cook now, but still participates by reading recipes to Tom and guiding him through the process. Our next step will be to analyze all the information we obtained. Below are photos of her kitchen, as well as how she grips a spoon with her right hand. 
(Put those pictures here)

Week 5 <br>
Our goal this week was to create point of view statements that will help guide us as we continue to ideate. We asked ourselves: <br>
*How might we increase the scope of activities Carolee can do in the kitchen? <br>
How might we make cooking a daily hobby for Carolee? <br>
How might we make cooking a zero-handed process?* <br>

Week 6 <br>
Our current needs statement is: *Carolee needs a hands-free way to prepare food because she is passionate about cooking and would like to use her current strengths and Tom's help to do that* <br>
We also continued to brainstorm ideas. This week we went all out with sticky notes
![img_8337](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/32558447/33237199-b5695dba-d221-11e7-8bb2-c9068b2e9891.jpg) <br>

Week 7 <br>
We currently have 5 direction; cutting food, peeling food, seasoning food, dispensing snacks, nd dispensing liquids. We hope to narrow our focus to one direction by the end of the quarter. There have been a lot of scheduling conflicts, so our group has not been able meet for as long as we want during the weekly meeting.

Week 8 <br>
No class this week due to break, but we will all bring ideas to our next meeting. Happy Thanksgiving!

Week 9 <br>
We are starting to think of our next meeting with Carolee, and how we can get the most out of it. We want to better understand her range of arm and hand motions, and see what sort of grips are easiest for her to work with. 

Week 10 <br>
This week, we are preparing for our Autumn showcase. We are waiting for a response from Carolee, but in the meantime, we are looking for ways to use the showcase as a way of getting feedback from the community. As a recap, our current directions include cutting food, peeling food, seasoning food, dispensing snacks, and dispensing liquids. We want to know which of our 5 directions people like the most, and which one they think is the most challenging to accomplish using just one hand. We have prepared activities for the guests to try out, so they can see first hand how tricky it can be to do these things with one hand. To measure their responses, we will have them vote on which activity was the most challenging, and which one they think has the most potential for future design.<br>
This is our poster for the 2017 Autumn showcase. 

## Meet the Designers
**Kristin Anderson** is a third year Mechanical Engineering student <br>
**Justin Ho** is a junior in the Mechanical Engineering department at the UW <br>
**Victoria Peskin** is studying Industrial Design <br>
**Aditya Sharma** studies Electrical Engineering <br>
